/**
 * file: karbytes_thinking_11july2026_p8_[video_transcript].txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 12_JULY_2026
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

relevant_plain-text_file: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_70/main/karbytes_thinking_11july2026_p7_[video_transcript].txt

relevant_video_file: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_70/main/the_big_green_thing_via_karbytes_11july2026_p0.mp4

relevant_video_file: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_70/main/the_big_green_thing_via_karbytes_11july2026_p1.mp4

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/the_cosmos_as_fundamentally_digital/

relevant_web_page: https://karlinaobject.wordpress.com/agency/

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/omniscience_might_not_exist/

* * *

Okay, it is 11_JULY_2026, and it is in the afternoon. I did end up sleeping quite heavily for the past several hours. After I got home, which was around like 3 in the morning,  I made some green tea in the microwave in my room, but I ended up only taking a few sips of it because I fell asleep in front of my computer.

Transcribing videos... So I didn't even get around to putting any of the transcription files in GitHub yet. But I did put two of the most important videos in the project's GitHub repository, and that is a video of some crickets, or something like crickets, making some interesting rhythmic sounds. And then I got a video of several coyotes all around the area, making noises, calling out to each other, and howling.

So I got that on video. So those two nature videos are now in the [@informationcrystals GitHub user's] projects repository. And I say they're the most important because they minimize any interference from me, as in it's not really about humans, it's about other animals, because I was trying to focus on there's other animals besides humans that live there, and they have their own lives.

So there's so much more going on in the world than just human activity and human consciousness. But I want to also focus on my own thoughts, so I'll be uploading transcripts of karbytes_thinking videos. I don't necessarily condone whatever it is I say.

It seems that I say a lot of things and then just move on and kind of sort of forget about what I said. That's kind of how I roll. I just take things out of me.

And sometimes after they come out, they're no longer relevant after a certain point. Shortly after, perhaps. But then again, at this point, I don't really remember much of what I said yesterday, unless I actually look at the transcripts.

So for now, I'm kind of just trying to stay in the present moment and not get dragged back into yesterday, because I wouldn't want one day to take up too many days. 

I'd want each day to kind of take up the amount of space that a day takes up, so that I can kind of live in the present moment more. But then again, I've got this remarkable ability to think about the past and the future.

So that's something to take pleasure in as well, not just focusing on the present moment, which kind of is fallacious. I kind of wanted to say something about this idea that you have to do mindfulness meditation to be calm and to be at the top of your game. But I was thinking that there are many more effective ways to get the benefits of that for me personally.

And that is, like I said, spend a lot of time walking around hiking. But again, I do actually naturally meditate. I noticed that I do take time to just do nothing and to appreciate the relative silence.

That's kind of how I fell asleep. So it's not just a way to go to sleep. It's also something I do just to kind of prevent my mind from getting overloaded.

It's kind of keeping my RAM from having it stack overflow. Not literally, not that extreme, but slightly difference. So what I'm trying to say is this whole present moment thing I think is kind of a bit pseudo-scientific sounding to me because I think it's kind of hard to pinpoint exactly what point the present moment actually is.

It seems like there's this big, gigantic time segment along my timeline called the past. And it probably stretches back farther than 1990 when I was born. And then there is a time period that is stretching towards my death from here.

And that could go on longer than my death [and death might just be an illusion]. But really, this idea about the present moment, it's kind of hard to pinpoint what a point is in time or in space. And some people, including myself, wonder what the smallest unit of space and or time is.

And it could be that it is some kind of discrete, irreducible, finite-sized variable or particle-like thing. And once you try to divide that up, it becomes something else or nothing at all. This isn't really adding much to what I already have in the transcripts.

I'm just saying this because I felt like getting some thoughts out that seemed kind of mundane in the middle of me doing errands. So around the time I got up, I groggily got my shoes on and went down to the car. And now I'm going down to The Village [Shopping Center] in Castro Valley to pick up a few things from the store [i.e. Safeway, Peet's Coffee] because I'm kind of out of things in my little living unit.

Usually I'd have several items in there to eat, but I don't really have any at the moment. So I'm just down here to get them and also to grab some coffee because I like high-quality coffee. I kind of avoid making coffee at home because whenever I have my own coffee maker, this has happened two times already, the coffee maker for some reason stops working.

And even after I try cleaning it intensively, it still doesn't seem to work. So the only coffee machine that seems to work is the one that's in my parents' kitchens. I don't know if that's coincidence or that's actual deliberate tampering.

But even so, I can save money using the coffee machine in the kitchen, but the quality of the coffee is not that great. And I found a few hairs inside the coffee machine, so I just got grossed out because I think the hygiene in the kitchen is not that great. So I'm just trying to focus on myself and keep my living space clean and not worry about other people's living space.

I'm trying the best I can to not get contaminated by them because they kind of leave a mess sometimes or a lot of the time. They just don't like to deep clean. They like to have clutter build up.

They don't like to open windows and let fresh air in, so they just don't live the way I do. They like to make a lot of smells and obnoxious noises. So I don't like making other people the center of attention.

They don't really make these noises too often. The smells, I mean, there's not much they can do about it. They're just trying to live their lives.

But for someone like me who just wants to live alone and not have to be distracted by other people, it kind of is obnoxious to me. Because if it were up to me, if I lived by myself, it would be very clean all the time. It would be almost like odorless all the time.

There would be some noise here and there, but it would be tasteful noise. It wouldn't be all the time. It would be hardly at all, actually.

I would invest in electronic drums so I can practice the drums without annoying people. I used to have an electronic drum set, but when I went through a crazy phase back about 10 years ago, I gave away too many of my possessions or dropped them off at Thrift Town, a place where you donate your possessions to other people. 

They can buy it for a discount.

So I did that. I thought I needed to clear out my possessions as part of becoming more ready to go on adventures or something. I almost felt like I had to be ready to be some kind of gypsy and get taken away with someone because that was how I was acting at the time.

I'm so much different now. I'm like a different person. That's like the opposite of what I'm trying to do.

I'm not trying to just throw everything away to go spontaneously travel around with no end in mind and let someone else kind of dictate my life. Instead, I'm trying to maximize how much I have control over my life. And I'm trying to basically maximize how much I can have redundancy of possessions that are especially important to me, like computers and backpacks and shoes.

I'm not really trying to fight too hard against difficulties in my environment because I seem to have made myself at home here. I do notice hostility. I don't want to go into detail, but there are people I don't really know that kind of live in this area that seem to not like that I'm making myself at home here.

So they go out of their way to be mean to me. And they seem to do it in ways that look like they're stalking me 24-7. I'm not saying this because I feel like a victim.

I'm saying this because I'm kind of starting to just get used to that I'm not exactly living in the most welcoming place for me because it's a highly desired place to live. Castro Valley is a great place to raise a family and to retire at. But for someone who's young, they're supposed to go somewhere like Oakland or San Francisco or to Los Angeles.

But instead, I've decided, well, because I'm poor, I might as well make the most of being in Castro Valley. And people are mad at me because I don't all of a sudden have money and could just leave. And then when I try to get a job and make money, they complain that the job isn't making enough money or involves me going out to Fremont instead of staying in Castro Valley.

And they get mad at me if I focus only on work instead of on school. And if I focus on also learning and they get mad that I'm focusing on school at all. I'm not going to get into details about what I mean, but there are some people that act like they just don't like it when I'm happy and functional.

And they have definitely caused some damage to my life because I feel like they kind of were homewreckers in a sense. I didn't have much consent to having to deal with them and they were in my life, in my personal space and kind of harassing me. And no one seemed to take my side.

It felt like it was multiple people against me a lot. So that did contribute to me becoming very angry after a while, after a year or two of that. I'm talking about everything kind of started around 2016, as far as I could tell.

And before that, I was pretty much just in a sheltered bubble. I was pretty innocent before that. I wasn't doing any drugs.

I wasn't doing anything particularly extreme. I was just going to school to study computer science. Not very well.

I wasn't the most disciplined student. I would procrastinate a lot. I would take on too many classes and end up not having enough time to do well in any of the classes.

What I should have done is just take fewer classes so I can focus on the classes more and have more time for other things. I just wasn't very good at time management at the time. Now I think if it was up to me, I would take my time more.

I would only take maybe three classes per quarter instead of trying to max out the number of classes I could take. I mean, I might even take one class per quarter, but that's too slow. So I ended up kind of just dropping out of college when it probably wasn't the best time to do so.

But I'm glad I did because I kind of already felt like I was getting taken away from my life too much at that point.  So my internal compass was telling me I need to go my own way. I need to stop letting institutions define what my progress is and what my goals are and who I should associate with and what my entire life script is.

So it annoys me when some people just act like they don't really respect me when I respect them plenty. I still try to respect people even if they're disrespectful to me. The only time I'm not respectful is if I'm seriously past my breaking point.

So I try really hard to make sure that doesn't happen. I try to make sure I take good care of myself and I get to do the things that I want to do. So I don't feel like I'm missing out on what I really want to do.

That's what caused me a lot of pain. When I feel like my time is being wasted, that ultimately is what caused me the most pain. Besides physical suffering, and that's a whole other story.

Physical suffering, that justifies suicide as far as I can tell if it's fair enough [as in not causing other people bodily injury or property damage]. Some of these people around me probably think suicide is wrong and that people should be forced to stay alive and suffer because they act like people belong to something other than themselves. And I think of myself as just belonging to [just] myself or belonging [just] to nature.

Nature is not a person. Nature is just a giant all-encompassing substrate. It's not like a person you can talk to that will talk back.

It has many information processing agents within it that I can talk to, but I can't talk to it directly the way I can talk to one of those information processing agents. So I don't really pray. But I do appreciate nature as a whole.

I think about it. I spend time going out into the wilderness and appreciating all this intelligence that is in nature. I don't mean consciousness necessarily, but I mean just the mathematical structure and the robustness of things and how over time this accumulation of complexity has emerged.

And it's really beautiful to behold. But at the same time, I don't think that the cosmos were made specifically for humans to enjoy. That's just human conceit saying that.
