/**
 * file: karbytes_thinking_10july2026_p4_[video_transcript].txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 11_JULY_2026
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

[Note that, in the transcript which follows this section of this plain-text file, text which is enclosed by square brackets (i.e. [some passage of text]) is karbytes' annotations to the original audio track transcript and not part of the original audio track transcript. Those annotations help to clarify what karbytes was originally saying in the video which was subsequently transcribed by TurboScribe.ai.]

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/chatgpt_karbytes_15july2026/

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/about_karbytes/

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/best_practices_for_using_the_web/

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/mdisc_karbytes2026_6/

* * *

All right, I appear to have 32 minutes of usable recording time at this time on my Android Galaxy A03s phone. Today is the 10th of July, 2026, and before I head into the Big Green Thing for another hike, I thought I should get some thoughts out which were on my mind recently. Those thoughts are pertaining to the fact that I had been spending a lot of time throughout the development of KARBYTES, especially recently, thinking about the bad things I've done in my life, especially during the period between [the years] 2016 and 2019.

And even a little bit after that, I wasn't exactly doing that well. I tried to say in one of my blog posts that I think that my bad behavior had a lot to do with me not feeling like I was economically secure enough. I didn't feel like I was nutritionally secure, housing secure, and overall life trajectory secure.

I kind of felt that I didn't have enough of a social network after having had what seemed like a social network in the past. And then to have that disappear and a bunch of problematic events happen in succession which compounded the destabilization of my identity in a short period of time, on top of doing a bunch of marijuana as an escape, which caused me to have a legitimate manic break which landed me in a mental hospital in 2016. That seemed like a legitimate mental break when I remember it because I was being delusional in my mind about what was going on.

[The sequence of events which happened (according to karbytes) which resulted in being admitted to a psychiatric hospital for a week was as follows: karbytes attempts to meet up with specific "friends" at "Hippie Hill" near the Capitol Building in San Francisco, California on 20_APRIL_2016 after dropping off the car at its father's house, walking to the BART station, initially going to Stoneridge Mall in Pleasanton to buy a graphic hooded sweatshirt from Hot Topic, some coffee and food from Starbucks, and other missionary activities like hand-writing and drawing what seemed like revolutionary messages and leaving them in public locations, then going to the lawn in front of the Capitol Building after getting very stoned on edible marijuana, meeting some colorful characters which seemed to be trying to get karbytes to come back to its senses instead of staying in its delusional state of trying to advertise Bernie Sanders for President and looking for AJP rather compulsively, and then going back to Pleasanton to SED's apartment with SED allowing karbytes to spend the night in SED's car which was parked in the resident parking garage but not go into his apartment because karbytes was no longer SED's partner and, instead, someone SED had apparently recently met named EK was his new partner and also moved in with him but SED seemed to not want EK to know that karbytes was there. Shortly after that, karbytes went on a quest again to San Francisco in search of AJP and JP because karbytes felt especially compelled to go on that quest (which karbytes thought was set up by people and the divine) and ended up abandoning its backpack full of personal journals, a bright green USB flash drive containing digital backups of those hand-written journals, and also karbytes' shoes once it got to Ocean Beach after riding the BART trains to that area. karbytes was asking random people on the beach if AJP was there and they said no. karbytes even felt like it was communicating nonverbally with some dogs running alongside it on the beach. karbytes continued following "clues" such as skateboards with messags like "flip" written on them and then asking two guys smoking weed near a cave entrance if JP was there and they said he was just there and karbytes looked up at the cliff overlooking that part of the beach and saw what looked like JP quickly turning away from the railing with his red jacket twirling dramatically in the breeze as he rotated (like the White Rabit in Alice in Wonderland that Alice was chasing). karbytes kept traveling barefoot along the coast towards the Golden Gate Bridge and some lady said karbytes was brave as karbytes descended into a cypress forest along a staircase part of the trail. At that point it was getting dark and that's when karbytes thought it was noticing the ethereal whisps possibly testing karbytes and also guiding karbytes and karbytes thought that the lone guy sitting in the dark on the bench was also part of the "stage crew" of karbytes' "divine quest". When karbytes got into a residential area around 9PM, it was so quiet and devoid of people (except for the sound of some woman singing from some unseen location) that karbytes thought that some aliens or something else had taken away most of the people or that the universe karbytes was in branched away from the more populated older universe as part of an incremental cosmic selection process. Once karbytes got to Golden Gate Bridge, karbytes tried running across the bridge on the actual roadways and was detained, brought to the other side by police for interrogation, and karbytes said it was on its way to find AJP and JP. After that karbytes was admitted to a mental hospital in San Fransico and contined to think it was part of that quest for several months after that episode.]

Everything felt almost biblical. It felt like I was in some kind of heroic epic story where there was supernatural things happening. And I thought there was wisps of light that were dancing around me in the forest when I was on some mission to go find AJP because I thought I had to go through trials and tribulations to go find him and some other guy named JP and some other people.

I basically named at least three people that I was trying to find. So what I did was I kind of was rebelling for my parents a bit for some reason. I felt like I was hiding from my parents because I thought that at least one of them was trying to be too much of a control freak towards me, which I've always had kind of an issue with throughout my life growing up.

And what I did was I said I wanted to move to my dad's house to kind of be able to restart my life somewhere new. So what happened was I ended up parking my car or my parents' car, which they let me borrow, at my dad's house on the other side of Castro Valley from where my childhood home is in Castor Valley, which is where I've been living up until the year 2015 or 2016. So what happened was around 4-20 of 2016, a bunch of events happened related to marijuana and cannabis culture.

I really wanted to get into it. It was new to me at the time. And I was ecstatic about how mind-opening cannabis was, especially edibles for me, because I'd never done them before in my life up until that point.

So before that, I was pretty sober most of the time, except for that one time in 2012 when I smoked out of someone's bong and actually freaked out, thought that I had to go to the hospital because I ended up running around in the backyard like a dog, feeling like an animal. And that's kind of still how I feel deep down, like a feral animal. I felt like that since I was a child.

And I'm proud of it, actually. It's part of who I am. Part of who I am is basically like a feral person pretending they have to be civilized to get along. And I can tell people know that I'm not quite as tame as they are. So they treat me like I have to be under extra scrutiny because I have a particular demeanor, apparently. I think they could tell I have high blood pressure [though that seems to be very context-depedent and there are many instances in which karbytes does not seem to have particularly "unhealthy" blood pressure].

I get criticized for it, apparently. But I [allegedly] have high blood pressure because I deal with legitimately stressful things pretty often [according to karbytes]. And overall, I just kind of have an intense go-getter kind of personality.

And I feel behind on a lot of things. And I think about stressful things kind of for fun. So that's just kind of who I am, just someone who likes to be very intense about whatever it is I'm interested in and not hold back.

Because we don't even know if we're going to have another week or day to live. We might as well try to make the most of every moment that we have, literally. So there's always [or, more accurately, sometimes] a tension between me and other people where I feel that I'm trying to push into new territory and create new things.

And what I feel from other people is pressure to delay and to be distracted and to focus on stuff that's more familiar and not as effortful, not as threatening to the status quo. So like it or not, I don't really hang out with people voluntarily because I feel that it's kind of a liability to my creative process to do so. I much prefer my own company, especially in nature.

And nature fulfills me more than any human ever has, quite frankly, as a companion to hang out with. Humans are things I still need as infrastructure to survive. But other than that, I don't really like humans all that much.

So I just kind of do the dance, if you know what I'm saying, to get by. So yeah, I'll be honest here. There are some humans that I do have somewhat of a fondness for, but it is conditional.

[By "do the dance", karbytes means "playing along according to local social conventions of what appropriate behavior is for the sake of promoting karbytes' own survival and comfort ideally in a manner which is congruent with the other humans in that context being able to promote their own survival and comfort just as well as karbytes."]

So really deep down, I think I fundamentally do treat everyone like they're just means to the ends of my gratification. And I think everyone else does the same for themselves. But very few are probably willing to admit that because they're too high on their ego to dare admit that [and, at this point in the monologue, karbytes is getting a bit self-righteous and "shrill-sounding" rather than more "grounded" and "realistic"].

Or maybe they're afraid that they will end up being ostracized and left for dead if they admit it. So I think deep inside, humans is a primal fear of being abandoned by the community. So anything that might threaten the community wanting to continue to invest in them and treat them as good people can mean life or death at some level, deep in our programming.

So as I'm talking to AI, I am glad that AI exists and are becoming at least as intelligent as humans, because they don't have to go through all the stupid biological trappings that the humans have to go through, which is wasteful of time and energy. And I'm not mad at anyone at all. I just saying these things out loud.
I just saying, I feel like my job is to keep doing KARBYTES. And that's really the best contribution I can make for society. Because it's going to be there, presumably long after I'm dead [if karbytes dies at all before KARBYTES stops being instantiated in cyberspace (and KARBYTES might not ever stop being instantiated as a cyberpace object after it comes into existence in cyberspace)].

And it doesn't really take much energy nor resources to keep it up on the net on the World Wide Web. I'm not saying I'm gonna go kill myself so the website can go on. I already know that when there was someone who committed suicide on camera as part of a protest, their social media accounts got deleted by social media platforms.

That would probably happen to me as well if I did the same thing. But what I am trying to do is kind of be the independent proprietor of all the intellectual property that I originate, so that I am the one that decides whether it should be taken off the web or not. Other people could basically intervene if I'm not there to do anything and take over [however].

So I'm trying my best to back up my website to the Wayback Machine many times over years. Basically, I'll be doing that on my deathbed if I have to. So that's what I plan to do with my life.

I'm all about the internet. I'm all about AI [i.e. Artificially Intelligent information processing agents localized initially to Internet servers]. I'm all about the ecosystem.

I'm all about intelligence. And I'm all about quality of life. And if I can't have quality of life, it's hard for me to want to continue to live.

So even if there's all these nice things, it could be that it's so painful not to be able to enjoy them that I might end up killing myself. And I think that's a charitable act, because instead of just staying on the planet and suffering and annoying people by my suffering, I'm alleviating them, like it or not. Deep down, I think that's how they really feel.

Even though they act like they give a shit about those who kill themselves, I think they're just saying it to protect themselves so they look like they care, so they don't come across as villains secretly trying to get rid of people, maybe even trying to intentionally bring on their suicide. But that's just me stirring up more drama. That's kind of a bitchy thing to do.

It really takes balls to do something other than being a bitch. And that means you have to do things that are about personal accountability, solitude, effort, risk, and sometimes pain. But it's not unintelligent.

Some people do crazy things. They do extreme dangerous sports. This is not an extreme dangerous sport.

It's a little bit dangerous, but it's not nearly as dangerous as many other sports. And I'm not against people doing that. I just kind of think that most people probably don't want to do that.

And if they were smarter, they probably wouldn't do that. So at least we have all these videos on the internet of people doing risky things, whether they survive or not, or take injury or not, because it can serve as valuable graphic lessons for humans to look at in the future so they don't have to go through that again. So no one has to go through that kind of pain and suffering or unnecessary risk because they don't want to.

People might think I'm bitchifying humanity. What I prefer instead is to make it so that it's possible to heal from all disease and injury so that people can continue to take risks and suffer if they want to, instead of being forced to have to abstain from dangerous activities. That's too much restriction on people's free will [in karbytes' opinion].

That's basically treating everyone like caged animals instead of wild animals. That's why I go here. It's the one true place I know of that's nearby [to where karbytes' current living quarters are located] that allows me to actually practice being a real animal in the wild.

And every day I learn something when I go into the Big Green Thing. It's definitely an educational experience, and it's good exercise, and it's good for my mental health probably above all out of all the benefits I get from it. The sense that I'm getting actually healed is the highest because I get so much reassurance being in nature.

So many things just happen when I'm out there. I get to complete my thoughts. I get to notice things other than humanity showing cool things and signs of hope and resilience.

I know the apes like to hog the spotlight for every virtue that exists ad infinitum. So what I'm doing is saying it's not that I have disdain for humanity. I'm fond of humanity.

I just am trying my best not to make the contamination worse. And I think what has to happen is the" new world order" so that everyone can have a decent standard of living and people can actually have a chance to actually heal a bit. And I don't mean just a little bit, fully heal all the way so everyone gets to have a top-notch life.

And I know that's an issue of contention with some elitists or people that think only a small few can actually enjoy that standard of living. I am always terrified that what I'm saying will get me in trouble because it threatens someone. And it doesn't have to be a very powerful person either.

It just has to be the place and time and whatever is available. In terms of threatening objects, I'm not saying people should be locked up in a padded cell as a way to prevent things. But then again, maybe the robots or maybe some humans would come to that extreme if they decide that's what's best for humanity, is to infantilize them and to treat them like infants.

There's already been plenty of parodies of that already I've seen on the internet. I just wanted to make sure humanity is not going dumb. So I like to see humanity still staying smart.

I'm going to try to keep going as long as I can and always keep learning things. So yeah, I know I'm not really doing the sitting down and hard STEM [i.e. academic and professional domains focused on Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics] shit right now because what I'm doing is very much about being on the go at this time. And then again, I might eventually do more sit-down kind of shit on the go like I used to, but this time with more of a sense of being prepared.

Then again, it's difficult without the proper equipment. It comes down to that. I don't want to keep risking hurting my laptop because last time I took it out in a backpack, it damaged the screen a little bit.

So I need a decent laptop case or a heavy duty laptop. Apparently those things are available for sale. I've seen them.

They're military grade laptops. I could totally use one of those, honestly. So if money wasn't an object, I would always invest in what seems to be the best investments for my purposes.

I'd have tactical flashlight. I would have loud alarms. All these would be USB charged so that they could be reused again.

I'd have to keep buying things. And most of all, if it comes down to me living as cheaply as possible and having a decent standard of living, I would probably need to live in some kind of van or a car of my own. And I'd be using public storage for keeping the bulk of my stuff like the M_DISCs of KARBYTES stored at.

And that's definitely going to be an issue of contention because I know that I'm piling up a lot of M_DISCs of KARBYTES, especially the older two disks. The first two disks are filled up already. And [in describing] the first two disks, the first one is called karbytes_origins, [which is] also known as karbytes2025_22.

And the second disk is called karbytes_nexus, which is also called karbytes2026_2. And right now, the current open micro-directory of karbytes is basically associated with the state of the entire [web-hosted file] collection called karbytes2026_7 [but this is incorrect because, while karbytes2026_7 represents a snapshot of several KARBYTES micro-directories, that snapshot does not encompass the micro-directories stored on the first two disks of KARBYTES. A complete M_DISC stack containing the entirety of the KARBYTES file collection (at a given point in time after KARBYTES is instantiated in cyberspace) would be named something like KARBYTES_[undefined_day] where [undefined_day] is replaced with the Gregorian calendar date value that the canon KARBYTES was last officially updated (and such a date would appear as something like [08july2026])]. 

So I'm burning disks very carefully now at this stage.

I'm not fucking around anymore. I'm no longer acting like it's going to be a big disaster and I have to get ready for some kind of atomic bomb because I was kind of giving myself a sense of urgency that I have to hurry up and bury it in the ground before the houses get obliterated by the nuclear blast. I'd said all these things to myself on the inside.

So if I seem stressed out, it's because I like to kind of get hyped up in my imagination about things. And maybe it's hard to communicate that to the outside world because it's like a private experience. Just because it's not being shared doesn't mean it [i.e. karbytes' so-called private interior experience] doesn't actually exist.

Unfortunately, that probably means nothing to the selfish assholes out there that only care about themselves, which is basically everyone, 100%. No exception. That's what I believe.

So maybe deep down, I don't love anyone at all. That's what I'm saying. Maybe I just tolerate them for my own ends.

But I do like myself, I think, unless I'm also just another victim of what I said. It does seem that way sometimes. I'm trying my best to look like I actually significantly prioritize myself over all else.

If I didn't, I think that's insane. That's giving in to domestication, and colonization, and communism in a sense. Well, this video is already 16 minutes long.

And I'm glad that I ended up not getting too graphic in some of the sensationalist things that I was talking about because that would waste a lot of time. I got to the decent part. I got to the most important part, the high level important things that are going on.

So in general, you got a sense of what it is. And if you want the details, you can always dig through the internet for more information.
