/**
 * file: karbytes_thinking_10july2026_p0_[video_transcript].txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 10_JULY_2026
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

relevant_KARBYTES_video: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_69/main/the_big_green_thing_27june2026_p11.mp4

relevant_KARBYTES_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/chatgpt_karbytes_13july2026/

relevant_KARBYTES_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/chatgpt_karbytes_18july2026/

relevant_KARBYTES_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/journal_karbytes_04july2026/

relevant_KARBYTES_web_page: https://karlinaobject.wordpress.com/nature/

* * *

Okay, it is now literally midnight 12:00AM Pacific Standard Time on 10_JULY_2026 and I'm currently standing on a particular area of the Ramage Peak Trail which is where there's a fork in the road and there is a trail which goes past the base of ramage peak or is at the base of Ramage Peak and goes towards Castro Valley so that's kind of how you go if you want to continue towards Castro Valley through that part of the Big Green Thing and then below me towards the west is kind of this drop off into more dirt roads which go deeper into the Big Green Thing and which isn't really technically part of the trail so I can see how it could be easy for someone to get lost. 

It's not very obvious unless one kind of already knows this area well enough that the official Ramage Peak Trail branches off at this point and goes back towards Las Trampas Wilderness parking lot which is where I'm headed it's kind of interesting that I happen to be standing right here because this is a point I keep returning to when I look back at the videos I've generated thus far about my travels through the Big Green Thing especially in this particular spot that I'm in and where I'm standing also not too far from here are the two troughs of water which contain the croaking frogs. 

Yesterday I went up to that trough with my flashlight and saw one of the frogs up close ribbit. As soon as I stood there for about a second it actually croaked and I saw its throat sac enlarge and make a bubble shape as it filled up with air and then it decreased in size and the frog made a sound. I'm next to them right now they're actually croaking as I speak. I'm standing far enough away from them such that I don't disturb them. 

There's already plenty of sound effects of frogs throughout KARBYTES thus far and there are some recordings of those frogs making croaking sounds but I'm trying to be more efficient in terms of how I store data. So I'm not storing videos unless I have a good reason to store them as video formats. If the important part is just the words then only the words need to be saved from the video. So I don't plan on making any videos anytime soon. I'm trying to just extract as much information as I can and as data compact of a format as I can especially at special places in time and space.

So the fact that I've been at the Big Green Thing for this long basically since yesterday before sunrise - I mean sundown - I was there since approximately 5 or 6PM and now it is the next day and it's a little after midnight and I happen to be in the place that I was talking about having to make an extra effort to go to because I was feeling a bit tired and weak. 

Today I feel back to normal again. I feel like my normal flamboyant - or I mean exuberant - self; my very energetic bouncy can-take-on-anything kind of self is back to normal again but yesterday I wasn't feeling quite as energetic and as strong because I was kind of out of shape from not exercising for too many days in a row. It was basically about a week. I spent a week basically holed up in the burrow basically spending a lot of time lying in prone position all cooped up and basically tied down by my own weighty fortress made out of contraptment material so that I was working on KARBYTES throughout that time.

So I was laboring away working on making KARBYTES files in those "hiatus bubbles" that I was in. Now I'm in a deeper darker phase of the larger macro Hiatus of 2026 summer for KARBYTES and I'm starting to feel like I'm like a lucid dreamer at this point in my development stage. 

I noticed that I only have approximately 11 minutes left of recording time. I noticed that my phone (which is an Android Samsung Galaxy A03s) tends to generate more memory space after I turn off the phone or after some time passes. I think some background processes need to run in order for the RAM to actually officially delete the files which I thought were deleted after putting them in the trash and then pressing the empty trash button or whatever it is that causes the files to be set to be deleted. So maybe they're not instantaneously deleted it takes several clock cycles for them to actually get deleted or for some event to happen which I don't really know about because it's abstracted away from me as the end user of whatever that is. 

So this is all just kind of making a synthesis of different things: my interest in technology, my interest in phenomenology, my interest in physics, my interest in arts and humanities, my interest in medicine and health and longevity, my interest in philosophy (and that can just go on and on and on). 

I don't have a shortage of interests. I never will as far as I'm concerned. I think what exists is the interest of god. So here I am; just another example of what god could be interested in being: me, karbytes. 

The karbytes is just another vessel of consciousness inside of consciousness exploring all the different levels there are of consciousness without losing karbytes' continuity of consciousness. I'm standing now at the base of Ramage Peak looking up and I see the peak. I thought it was closer to the troughs. I realized that I'm still approximately maybe about 30 feet or so away. I'm going to continue walking north right now as I record this video.

The flashlight feature of my phone is off so it's kind of hard for me to see. I'm holding a stick in my left hand which I use as a walking stick and also gives me a sense of security; makes me feel slightly safer. I'm always worried about mountain lions or other predators. Really I'm only worried about mountain lions. I think the people that go out here, the humans that go out here, would have to have a good enough reason to actually want to leave the comfort and security of civilization to be here. It takes kind of some effort to get out here it's risky it's scary it's something that people don't just do on a whim. So I think those who go out here are probably very motivated by probably something transcendent of the normal interests that humans tend to have.

I don't want this to be available to many others [but I don't mean that I want to prevent the public from having access to this place; I just said this spur of the moment as an expression of how I almost always prefer solitude when I'm hiking in The Big Green Thing]. Oh here I am; I'm right there at the base of the mountain where the frogs are located and they're currently still croaking and I'm standing at the point of this road which cars can go along which descends deep into this valley part of the Big Green Thing which is slightly west of Ramage Peak.

I admit that I did go down there even though I knew it was basically off limits to the public a long time ago last year and I kind of went into no trespassing area and even got in trouble for it but not too badly. I didn't go to jail or anything. It was fairly civil interaction. I didn't mean for that to happen but there's cameras watching over this area. 

Apparently the parts that's private is on the other side of the fence where Ramage Peak is located and I admit to have taking pictures of being at [the peak of] Ramage Peak itself where the little tree is and I have some nice photos of it in KARBYTES. It's hidden somewhere so I'm not going to give away where it's located. I'm just going to, uh, say that, "Hint: it's probably somewhere in an obscure hidden part [of KARBYTES]." 

I want to say what it is. Okay, fine. I'll just say it. It's somewhere in this trashy part of KARBYTES that I don't really want to refer to explicitly because the point of me also trying to make these "hiatus bubbles" is to kind of abstract - I mean separate - away from the old material so that each bubble is going farther into time and each bubble as it goes farther in time gets farther away from the past bubbles and that the idea with that is there's some kind of cleansing process going on so the stuff I don't want to keep [reiterating] gets kind of removed [from what gets gestated in "hiatus bubbles" and drafting/editing KARBYTES files in general] and the stuff I do want to keep gets kept and new stuff arises.

I'm curious about what's really going on so what I think is going on is I'm discovering something that already unconditionally exists just for myself and from my point of view it looks like it's new or it's old or it's gone but really from a larger perspective it never goes away.

That's just an idea i have it's about the static block universe or multiverse I should say and that's supposed to be the largest scope of reality that exists at least in the playable simulation options entire container object which stores all those options somehow. And that could be stored on some kind of information processing machine but then that's really kind of breaking the definition and contradicting it because then that's saying there's something beyond that multiverse and technically the multiverse I'm referring to isn't just a multiverse inside of a multiverse; it's the largest thing there is so it's the set of all multiverses and the set of all universes combined.

I kind of talk like I don't believe that a universe exists unless there's information processing agents rendering it and I claim that there's only one universe per information processing agent and information processing agents can interact with other information processing agents in some kind of meta universe and that's kind of a multiverse basically. 

So what I'm saying is Planet Earth with other humans and other creatures on it is basically is a multiverse according to my definitions but I'm saying there is a multiverse at a different level beyond that and that is kind of more like what I imagine all reality to be. So that's the set of all existence: all phenomena and all noumena and what I'm saying is I question whether there is something that truly cannot be anything but noumena from all perspectives.

In KARBYTES I've defined phenomena as a noumenon - I mean yeah a phenomenon is a noumenon which is being rendered by some frame of reference; rendered by some information processing agent which takes time, space, mass, and energy to happen. So phenomena require physical properties that can be measured by instruments which humans use in laboratories and such and even variables inside computers are fundamentally physical so all data that computers use is basically reducible to physical phenomena. And when I say noumena I mean something that is not being rendered in a particular frame of reference. So noumena depends on the context the subjective frame of reference. 

I'm saying perhaps not all noumena are ever rendered as phenomena. So what I'm saying is perhaps in all reality throughout all time there will be some things that just never come into existence as observed things.

Maybe I'm wrong and maybe there is a level of existence where everything that can be imagined by anything at all exists as phenomena by some observing frame of reference. Perhaps the observer is conscious of literally everything; not just every phenomenon but every noumenon. So from its point of view phenomena and noumena are not really meaningfully distinguishable from each other and that could be what the ultimate like godhead probably is.

That's just an idea it seems like a nice way to wrap things up for now. I just find it's very special that I happen to be here at the crossing point between days of July and also in a point in the Big Green Thing which feels kind of like the transition point between different phases of the macro summer Hiatus of KARBYTES. 

I remember walking from Castro Valley to this location and turning around going back to Castro Valley around the time I didn't have a car. Now that I have a car it's easier for me to enter the Big Green Thing from the Las Trampas side and that's overall the more enjoyable experience but there is something to be said about walking from Castro Valley to this area which is also important and special in its own way.

I would only really do that if i didn't have this option though as far as I can tell. Well I see that I apparently have more time left than I thought. So what I'm going to do is hurry up and end this video because I think it might be ending up longer than, uh, 25 megabytes which I can't upload to GitHub if that's the case but what I could do is possibly upload it to TurboScribe if I still try to shrink it using some kind of compressor app. 

I have that on my phone. I use it to compress videos so I don't have to upload it to some server to do it first. I can do it on the phone and then try uploading it from the phone to TurboScribe and then just get the plain text straight out of there and put it in projects of @informationcrystals instead of putting it - putting the video - in the private repo which I'm using to store the videos which I'm using to transcribe during this deeper phase of KARBYTES. It's already 16 minutes into the video. This is the longest I've recorded myself talking. I better go before I get pounced on.
